1. Java
Java is top pick as one of the most popular programming languages,
used for building server-side applications to video games and mobile apps.
It's also the core foundation for developing Android apps, making it a favorite of many programmers.
With its WORA mantra (write once, run anywhere), it's designed to be portable
and run happily across multiple software platforms.


2. Python
Python is a one-stop shop. There's a Python framework for pretty much anything,
from web apps to data analysis. In fact, WordStream is written in Python! You're the best bud. 
Python is often heralded as the easiest programming language to learn, with its simple and straightforward syntax.
Python has risen in popularity due to Google's investment in it over the past decade
(in fact, one recent study has shown Python to be the most commonly taught programming language in U.S. schools).
Other applications built with Python include Pinterest and Instagram.


3. C++
If you saw C++ on a report card, you'd be pretty bummed. Maybe a bit confused, too (is it actually a B-?). 
However, C++ is not the bizarrely bad grade it seems to be. It's often the first programming language taught in college 
(well, it was for me 10 years ago). I thought it was a nice "in-between" language in that it was object oriented 
without having to be fanatical about it. It was also low level enough to be close to hardware, 
but no so low level that you had to do everything manually. 
Because there are so many C++ compilers, you can write stuff in C++ and have it run pretty much anywhere.

4. Ruby
Ruby (also known as Ruby on Rails) is a major supplier of web apps. 
Ruby is popular due to its ease of learning (it's very straightforward) and power. 
Ruby knowledge is in high demand these days!

5. JavaScript
JavaScript (which, confusingly, is not at all related to Java) is another favorite programming language because 
it's so ubiquitous on the web--it's basically everywhere. JavaScript allows developers to add interactive 
elements to their website, and its presence is felt across the internet. 
At WordStream, we use a JavaScript library called JQuery to make our JavaScript work even easier.

6. C#
C# (pronounced C-sharp, not C-hashtag for you Twitter fans) is the language used in order to develop Microsoft apps. 
C# is syntactically nearly identical to Java. 
I've spent much time training with C#, but if you're good at Java, you'll likely have an easy time jumping onto C#. 
If you're looking to work on Microsoft apps, C# is the way to go. 
C# opens a lot of Windows (har-har).

SOURCE:http://www.inc.com/larry-kim/10-most-popular-programming-languages-today.html